- ANDREW:
[closes door]
It's true.
Dr. Peters created me.
- Wait a second.
Dr. Peters?
As in James Peters,
your mom's friend?
Does she know he created
an android like you?
- She never said anything
about another android.
James Peters
visits frequently
and never said
anything, either.
- You've got to
tell her, Frankie.
- No, no, please.
You can't say anything
about me to your mom.
If Dr. Peters finds out
I gave away my secret,
he'll do something
terrible.
He'll shut me down.
Please.
- Why?
What are you hiding?
He knows about Frankie.
Why can't Dr. Gaines
know about you?
Frankie, we need
to tell your mom.
- Frankie, think about it.
You're just like me.
You understand what it means
if Dr. Peters shuts me down.
- I understand.
I promise
I won't tell her.
- [sighs]
Thank you.
- I have so many questions
for you, Andrew LaPierre.
What is your
operating system,
your processor speed,
your battery life per charge?
- Dr. Peters is gonna
be home any minute.
He can't see you here.
We'll talk later.
I promise.
But, please,
you have to go now.
- All right.
- Thanks, Frankie.
- *
- DAYTON:
I don't like any of this.
Why would Dr. Peters
make an android
and keep it a secret
from your mom?
They're friends.
They used to work together.
- That is a mystery,
Dayton Reyes.
- One we need to solve.
- [cell phone rings]
- ANDREW: Hey, Dr. Peters,
how's it goin'?
- Are you at
my workstation?
You know you're
not supposed to be there.
- No, I'm just kickin'
it on my charging pod.
You know, takin'
a load off, as they say.
- Well, don't get
too comfortable.
I wanna check your memory
files when I get in.
- What? Um, sure.
Uh, but don't rush home.
I wouldn't want you
to get a ticket or...
crash or something.
- [laughing]
Don't be ridiculous.
I'm an excellent driver.
And I'm only
a few blocks away.
- If he finds out Frankie
knows the truth about me,
we're both goners.
- [USB cable clicks]
- [sighs]
- *
- [horn honks]
- Already?
How fast does
this guy drive?
- [computer beeping]
- [typing]
Find...
- [front door closes]
- [USB cable clicks]
- *
- [blows air
on glasses]
- [yawns]
Hey, Da--uh, Dr. Peters.
I must've dozed off
for a second.
- Well, you're up now,
so, let's get this over with
and check those memory
files, shall we?
[clears throat]
Are you sure you weren't
at my workstation?
This seat feels
rather warm.
- No, sir.
- Take a seat.
- Yes.
- [blows air on USB plug]
- [USB cable clicks]
- [typing on keyboard]
- *
- It looks like you had
a pretty uneventful day.
- You don't know
the half of it.
- The more I think
about it,
the more I'm convinced
there's something fishy.
I really think
we should tell your mom.
- The risk to Andrew
is too great.
Besides, I promised
to keep his secret.
- Are you really
planning on wearing that
to play mini-golf?
- My research shows
that this sort of hat
is associated with the search
terms "golf apparel."
Do you think
Cole will like it?
- Uh...
- Don't answer until
you've seen the entire look.
- Frankie,
you're trying too hard.
Just be yourself.
- That is logical,
Dayton Reyes.
Who else would I be?
- I wish you could be
the girl who told her mom
there was another android
at school this whole time.
- This discussion
is becoming circular.
I already told
you multiple times
that my course of action
is to keep Andrew's secret.
- But what if he was responsible
for the night of rampage?
- Robbie Turnbull
was already suspended
for the night of rampage.
- What if he didn't
act alone?
They showed up at school
on the same day.
There has to be
a connection.
What if Andrew
destroyed Bob?
What if you're next?
You have to tell someone!
- If Andrew wanted
me destroyed,
he wouldn't have saved me
from the water at the dance,
and, besides,
I did tell someone.
- You did? Who?
- Jenny.
I didn't intend to,
but her persistent
chronological questioning
made it impossible
to hide.
But she promised
to keep it a secret.
There are many secrets.
- There don't
need to be.
Stop being so stubborn.
You have to tell
your mom--
for your own safety.
- Dayton Reyes!
Do you need a reboot?
I believe you might be
stuck in a logic loop.
- [frustrated groan]
- ROBBIE: What do we want?
- STUDENTS: Free Robbie!
- ROBBIE: When do we want it?
- STUDENTS: Now!
- Robbie's back?
Since when?
- STUDENTS:
[mixed conversations]
- Greetings, ladies.
You're just in time to join
the Free Robbie Sit-in.
- Over here.
We can have a Brain Squad in
Support of Robbie coalition.
- [bell ringing]
- ROBBIE: What do we want?
- STUDENTS: Free Robbie!
- ROBBIE: When do we want it?
- STUDENTS: Now!
- What--
- [device whirring]
- That was the first
period bell.
Anyone who does not report
to their first period class
will be marked absent
and receive detention.
Now disperse.
- STUDENTS:
[hissing]
- My decision
to suspend Robbie
was based on rock-solid
video evidence.
Now if someone has information
casting doubt on it,
I will be happy
to consider it.
Until then,
get to class.
- [device whirring]
- Really, you guys?
- I just feel bad about
Robbie being suspended.
- I guess I feel
kind of bad, too.
You know, I can't
help but feel like
I'm partially
responsible for it.
- You mean because
you were the one
who faked the evidence
against him
and sent it to
Ms. Hough?
- Well, when you put
it that way, I--
- So, what are you
gonna do about it?
- You should come clean
and get him reinstated.
- Hey, let's not
get crazy.
I just said I felt bad,
not even bad,
just kind of bad.
I did it for you guys.
You said you wanted Frankie
back for Brain Squad.
I got her back.
[scoffs] Some people
are just never happy.
- Does she have
zero conscience?
- We don't need her to.
I've got a plan.
- Tammy did what?
- That means the animal
who mutilated Bob
is still at large?
- I'm afraid so, Byron.
- BYRON: [sighs]
- * Feels like things
are getting real, real *
* Never felt so alive,
never felt so alive *
* Feels like things
are getting real, real *
are getting real **
- Why would Tammy say Robbie
did it, if he did not?
- She wanted to get you back
on the Brain Squad, Frankie.
- Surprising.
I was under the impression
that Tammy did not
appreciate my presence.
- She knows we need you,
if we've got any chance
to win at state's.
- That's true, but we can't
let Robbie take the blame,
if he's not guilty.
What do we do?
- Don't worry.
Lucia has a plan.
Tell 'em what we're gonna do.
- Nothing!
- Right!
Wait.
No offense, Lucia,
that's a weak plan.
- No, it's not.
We do nothing.
That includes any
Brain Squad activities
until Tammy goes
to Ms. Hough
and tells her that
Robbie is innocent.
- Okay, Squad,
brain warm-ups.
Give me a noun for every
letter of the alphabet.
I'll start.
"A," Aardwolf.
It's a striped hyena
native to southeast Asia.
"B" anybody?
Oh, come on,
it's not hard.
- JOHN:
No.
- All right,
come on, guys,
let's get those
brains warmed up.
- No, Tammy.
- Okay, you guys
are terrible at this.
"No" is an interjection
and it starts with an "N."
- We're not doing anything
until you do the right thing.
- JOHN:
About Robbie.
- Thank you for getting my
suspension lifted, Tammy Gilroy.
But if Robbie Turnbull
is innocent,
then he shouldn't
suffer either.
- TAMMY:
[scoffs]
I can't believe
you guys are getting
so bent out of shape
about this.
Okay, tell you what.
Let's just review
polynomial theorem,
and then I'll go
talk to Ms. Hough.
Fine!
- *
- ALL:
[quietly laughing]
- MS. HOUGH:
A misunderstanding?
- Yes, uh, the video of Robbie
breaking into a locker
was actually him
helping Makayla
because she forgot
her combination.
- Well...
But I thank you for
coming forward, Miss Gilroy.
That took courage.
- Of course, Ms. Hough.
It was the right thing to do.
- Especially considering
the consequences
of making a false
accusation.
- Consequences?
- Well, of course.
I can't have students
accusing each other
willy-nilly, you understand.
It'd be like the Wild West
up in here.
[laughing]
- But, Ms. Hough,
you don't understand
how difficult it is
for me to admit
a mistake.
Shouldn't that be
punishment enough?
- [cat meowing]
- *
- PEGSI:
At last!
Sweet freedom!
I'm coming,
Mr. Kingston!
- Stop!
- PEGSI: I will never stop.
I am unstoppable.
Eat my environmentally
responsible exhaust, suckers!
- [truck horn blaring,
brakes screeching]
- [loud thud]
- I hate when
that happens.
Well, don't just
stand there.
Grab a broom
and a dustpan.
Somebody's gonna have
to put him back together.
- PEGSI:
[groaning]
- Okay, who can explain
what a "quantum" is?
- A quantum is
a measure of energy
that can kick an electron
up one complete energy
level within an atom.
- I'm really glad
you're back, Frankie.
- MS. HOUGH ANNOUNCING:
Attention, students.
New evidence has
come to light
that completely exonerates
Robbie Turnbull.
Effective immediately,
his suspension is lifted.
- ROBBIE:
Yes!
- MS. HOUGH: I am
redoubling my efforts
to find the guilty party.
I implore the perpetrator
to step forward
and take responsibility.
If there is no confession
in the next 24 hours,
I will have no choice but
to punish the entire school.
Thank you.
Have a "clawsome" day.
- Punishing the entire school?
How is that fair?
First, Bob gets destroyed.
Now I get included
in the punishment for it?
- What do you think
Ms. Hough is gonna do?
- [gasps]
What if she takes
potato dots off the lunch menu?
[garbled] Lunch would
be without meaning.
- LUCIA: Well, we're lucky
we're not Tammy.
Btdubs, we should
probably
steer clear of her
for a little bit.
- How did you even
get here so fast?
- I can't tell you
my secrets.
Look what happened
last time I did that.
- It was a mistake,
Robbie.
I apologized.
I don't understand
why Ms. Hough
felt the need
to drag this out.
- Granting me three wishes
is a mild punishment,
if you ask me.
Refill, please,
waitress.
- I'll be glad when
state's are over
and we can have
lunch together again.
- Me, too, Dayton Reyes.
I miss moving
my jaw up and down
while crushing food
in your presence.
- [laughs]
Me, too.
Speaking of eating,
is Cole taking you
out to dinner tonight?
- Affirmative.
We are playing
mini-golf and having...
[laughs]
breakfast-for-dinner.
- That's so exciting.
Are you excited?
- Very.
- BOTH:
[giggling]
- Hey, it's so sweet of you
to give me such a warm welcome.
- I see you're back
to your charming self.
- And why wouldn't I be--
now that Frankie
and I have an understanding.
I'm heading to The Garage.
You guys wanna join?
- Listen, Andrew,
we can't.
Frankie has plans to
hang out with Cole
and she has to get ready.
- You and Cole
are hanging out?
- We are, but Cole Reyes
is not picking me up
until after
tennis practice,
and I would like to
know more about you.
- Shoot.
My e-life is an open book.
- Do you have
an e-stomach as I do?
I really enjoy the loaded
nachos at The Garage.
- No, I always
get a smoothie
and then flush it
in the bathroom.
I just carry around a cup to
make it look like I'm drinking.
- You know what
I wanna know.
What are you even doing
at Sepulveda?
- Bringing a little cool
into all of your boring lives.
[laughing]
Oh, you have to hear this
amazing new band I discovered.
- Nah.
- I'd love to hear them.
- You really
don't have time.
- I have two hours, 17 minutes,
and 35, 34, 33--
- Okay, I get it.
- Thirty-one seconds.
I'd love to hear
an amazing new band.
- Cool.
- [computer beeping]
- [music playing]
- I admire the tempo
complexity
of the overtones
in the chord progressions.
- I know. Right?
- Really?
Frankie, we should go.
Come on.
- [music continues
playing]
- Frankie!
- I would like to
finish listening to
Andrew's amazing band,
Dayton Reyes.
Feel free to walk
home without me.
- [music continues
playing]
*
- I am really enjoying
this amazing new band,
Andrew LaPierre.
- ANDREW:
[laughs]
Let's keep listening.
Come to The Garage
with me.
- My mom is expecting
me at home soon.
Won't James Peters be worried,
if you're late?
- Actually,
I'm kind of trying to
stay out of Dr. Peters'
way for a while.
Ever since the night
of the dance,
I've been picking up signs
that he doesn't trust me.
- Does he ever check
your memory files?
Those can be
incriminating.
- Yeah, but I changed
the file names to fool him.
He'll never find
out the truth.
- You have
the ability to lie?
- It's all in
my programming.
- That is fascinating.
I wonder what purpose
that programming serves?
- I don't know,
but it's fun.
[laughing]
You know, you're
the only one
who really
gets me, Frankie.
We've gotta look
out for each other.
- FEMALE OPERATOR: Please
try your call again later.
- Kingston must
have blocked me.
I bet he didn't
block her phone.
- Hey, man, did you
just take her phone?
- What? I don't know what
you're talkin' about.
- Give me my phone,
you creep.
This old dude
just stole my phone!
- No, I...No. No.
[gasping]
- [smoothie splatters]
- [coughing, sputtering]
- [door slams]
- [groaning]
I would know that
blurry spawn anywhere.
Hello, tip line,
meet anonymous.
- [toilet flushing]
- What are you
doing here?
It would be disastrous if...
if we were seen together.
- What am I doing here?
What are you doing here?
- Calling a tip line
about a dangerous cyber
criminal android.
- Frankie?
- Kingston?
A little blast
from the past.
It's your former master engineer
calling to tell you
I know where Dr. Gaines
and the android are.
I know you think
it's nonsense,
but if I wasn't in
contact with Gaines,
how would I know
that the android
has a 64 exabyte processor
and a 90 kilowatt
lithium ion battery?
- Those specs are right.
- JAMES: I can lead them to you,
but it's gonna cost you.
I'll be in touch.
It would be wise of you
to take my next call.
Peters, out.
- PEGSI, now I can
bring you back home.
[laughing]
- Sir?
- Hm?
- A package for you.
- Ah, I hope it's cookies.
Only cookies could
make this day any...
- [box thuds]
- ...better.
Yes, here we go.
[whistling]
- PEGSI:
Hello, sir.
Is that really you?
- *
- Oh...
Oh, PEGSI, what...
what have those
monsters done to you?
- PEGSI: They said to tell
you this was a warning.
If they don't get
an android, you're next.
Sir?
- Oh, PEGSI, I'm sorry.
Sorry, um...
PEGSI, don't you
worry your little head.
I will rebuild you
and you will be
more glorious than ever.
It's all going
to be all right.
We've got the android.
We have finally got her.
[laughing]
- JENNY: How am I supposed
to know what you should wear?
Why don't you
call Dayton?
- I attempted to
video chat her,
but she was unavailable.
- That's weird.
She's your best friend.
It's like part of
the best friend contract
that she has to help
you with stuff like this.
- Perhaps that's
the problem.
I don't remember signing
a best friend contract.
- Oh, that's not
a real thing, Frankie.
I meant
"best friend contract."
- So, if one draws quotation
marks in the air
with one's fingers,
does that mean
something is not real?
- Basically.
Okay, so, I guess
it's up to me to help.
- Cole will be here
any moment,
and I need to
choose an outfit.
- Hmmm...
I've got some ideas.
- *
*
- If it's not broke,
don't fix it.
- Am I right?
- You are right.
- [palm slap]
- COLE:
Hey, sis.
What do you think?